SW provided 1:1 counseling:	
Male
1. 
SW met with _ for monthly individual counseling. 
2.
He appeared calm and receptive when approached by SW for the meeting.
He appeared attentive and calm when approached by SW for the meeting.
He appeared calm and friendly when approached by SW for the meeting.
He appeared calm and alert during the meeting.
3.
SW inquired about ¬_ overall health and wellbeing in the past month. He denied any major significant changes to his overall health status or routine within the past month.
SW inquired about ¬_ overall health and wellbeing in the past month. He denied any major significant changes to his overall health status or routine recently.
SW inquired about his overall health status and wellbeing in the past month. He reported to be in a stable status in mood and health.
He expressed being satisfied and content with his progress and life overall.
4. Problems
However, he reported having a fall at home with no hospitalizations. He expressed worry about his physical health decline with age and further risk of fall.
¬_ reported having multiple near fall incidents and continues to be risk for fall.

However, _ expressed negative feelings and concern toward his health decline related to aging. 
However, he expressed concern and worry that he’ll become a burden on his family due to his further aging and physical health decline.
However, he expressed concern about further physical decline related to aging.

_ complained about having sleep problems, only getting a few hours of sleep per night with frequent urination.
He complained about having poor sleep, only getting 4-5 hours of sleep per night and having at least 3x nocturia.
He complained about having trouble sleeping at night, getting less hours of sleep per night than he did before, citing the recent cold weather as a factor.

_ complained about joint pain and leg weakness, which has affected his mood. He cites the recent cold weather as a factor.
_ complained about somatic pain related to aging and expressed worry about aging.

He complained about having hearing problems, leading to frustration and difficulty communicating with others.
He reported occasional drowsiness and tired feelings.
He complained about memory loss, which often leads to confusion and misplacing of personal possessions.

_ expressed feelings of loneliness and isolation. 

_ remained mostly quiet and said few words. _ seems to lack motivation for social interaction.
5. Treatments
SW provided the opportunity for _ to vent his negative feelings appropriately, through use of empathy, active listening, and positive feedback.
SW provided the opportunity for him to vent his inner feelings appropriately through use of active listening, empathy, and positive feedback.
SW provided emotional support through use of active listening, empathy, and validation.

SW reinforced proper fall prevention and precaution techniques to reduce the risk of future fall.
SW educated _ on fall prevention and precaution techniques, such as properly using his walking device to reduce the risk of future fall.

SW reinforced proper sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques to help with the sleeping problems.
SW taught proper sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques such as stretching before bed, to help with sleep problems.

SW encouraged _ to maintain active participation in the Center’s activities and exercises as a form of mental and cognitive stimulation.
SW encouraged _ to keep active participation in the Center’s activities and interaction with peers to reduce feelings of loneliness.

SW provided reality orientation and offered opportunity to reminiscence as a form of cognitive stimulation.
SW reinforced coping skills and relaxation techniques to help _ manage the symptoms and difficulties of aging.
7. Reponse
_ was accepting of the support and care.
_ was appreciative and thankful for the support and interventions.
He was accepting of the care and interventions. 
_ was appreciative and accepting of the care.
_ was thankful and accepting for the session.
8. SW
SW will continue to monitor _ psychosocial mood status while providing case management assistance as needed.
SW will continue to monitor _ mood status and provide individual counseling regularly.
SW will continue to monitor _ depressed feelings on a weekly basis and provide individual counseling regularly.
