Problem/Treatment 1 (fall)
However, he reported having a fall at home with no hospitalizations. He expressed worry about his physical health decline with age and further risk of fall.
_ reported having multiple near fall incidents and continues to be at risk of fall.
----------------------------------------
SW reinforced proper fall prevention and precaution techniques to reduce the risk of future fall.
SW educated _ on fall prevention and precaution techniques, such as properly using his walking device to reduce the risk of future fall.

Problem/Treatment 2 (age)
However, _ expressed negative feelings and concern toward his health decline related to aging. 
However, he expressed concern and worry that he’ll become a burden on his family due to his further aging and physical health decline.
However, he expressed concern about further physical decline related to aging.
------------------------------------------
SW provided the opportunity for _ to vent his negative feelings appropriately, through use of empathy, active listening, and positive feedback.
SW provided the opportunity for him to vent his inner feelings appropriately through use of active listening, empathy, and positive feedback.
SW provided emotional support through use of active listening, empathy, and validation.
SW reinforced coping skills and relaxation techniques to help _ manage the symptoms and difficulties of aging.
SW encouraged _ to keep active participation in the Center’s activities in order to stay positive about the aging process and take his mind off of the negative symptoms.

Problem/Treatment 3 (sleep)
_ complained about having sleep problems, only getting a few hours of sleep per night with frequent urination.
He complained about having poor sleep, only getting 4-5 hours of sleep per night and having at least 3x nocturia.
He complained about having trouble sleeping at night, getting less hours of sleep per night than he did before, citing the recent cold weather as a factor.
----------------------------------------------
SW reinforced proper sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques to help with the sleeping problems.
SW taught him sleep hygiene and relaxation techniques such as stretching before bed, to help with sleep problems.
SW encouraged relaxation and breathing techniques such as stretching or taking a warm bath before bed to increase sleep quality.

Problem/Treatment 4 (joint)
_ complained about joint pain and leg weakness, which has affected his mood. He cites the recent cold weather as a factor.
_ complained about somatic pain related to aging and expressed worry about aging. He stated that on some days, his mood was affected negatively by his somatic pain.
-------------------------------------------------
SW provided the opportunity for _ to vent his negative feelings appropriately, through use of empathy, active listening, and positive feedback.
SW provided the opportunity for him to vent his inner feelings appropriately through use of active listening, empathy, and positive feedback.
SW provided emotional support through use of active listening, empathy, and validation.

Problem/Treatment 5 (hearing)
He complained about having hard of hearing, leading to frustration and difficulty communicating with others.
----------------------------------------------------
SW provided a quiet environment for him to communicate and be understood easily, letting him express his feelings through active listening.
SW provided a quiet place for him to talk and listen clearly, as well as providing emotional support.

Problem/Treatment 6 (memory loss)
He complained about memory loss, which often leads to confusion and misplacing of personal possessions.
--------------------------------------
SW encouraged _ to maintain active participation in the Center’s activities and exercises as a form of mental and cognitive stimulation.
SW provided reality orientation and offered opportunity to reminiscence as a form of cognitive stimulation.

Problem/Treatment 7 (loneliness)
_ expressed feelings of loneliness and isolation. 
_ remained mostly quiet and said few words. _ seems to lack motivation for social interaction.
---------------------------------------------
SW encouraged _ to keep active participation in the Center’s activities and interaction with peers to reduce feelings of loneliness. SW also provided emotional support through use of active listening, empathy, and validation.